about.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---
<figure style="width: 150px; height:150px">
    <img src="/images/photo-ohgay.jpg" alt="photo ohgay">
</figure>

## **Short Bio**
Hi! My name is Allison Ogechukwu and I love Machine learning,  Data Science and Software Engineering. I want to bring a new perspective (mine) to the already vast archive of information.

## **Education**
B.Eng, *University of Benin, Benin City, Nigeria* December 2019

## **Projects**
Here are my honourable mentions:

> 
- ## Machine Learning and Wireless Networks
  - **[scs_predictive_analysis](https://github.com/AllisonOge/scs_predictive_analysis){:target="_blank"}**- In this project, I took a tour through wireless networks primarily the world of cognitive radio networks. I gained knowledge in digital signal processing with MATLAB and GNU Radio, digital communication principles (modulation techniques like OFDM, GMSK, PSK, FM etc.), antenna theory (a bit) and Machine learning. The project is still ongoing and I am currently exploring *[FIT/CorteXlab](http://www.cortexlab.fr/){:target="_blank"}*-a testbed that allows me to access world class software-defined radios located in France for free with my research. If you want to collaborate, please shot a mail to kanu dot ogechukwu at eng dot uniben dot edu. We will publish an international paper at the end of the project.
  - **[diabetes-classification-project](https://github.com/AllisonOge/diabetes-classification-project){:target="_blank"}**- In this project, I explored the world of neural networks using tensorflow and keras. I developed a model to predict whether or not a patient has diabetes, based on certain diagnostic measurements included in the dataset.
- ## Statistical Optimization problems
  - **[spectral_estnoise_ms](https://github.com/AllisonOge/spectral_estnoise_ms){:target="_blank"}**-In this project, I took a ride down Statistical Optimization problems. I implemented and tested a noise estimation algorithm in developed for voice activity detectors (VAD) on radio frequency signals as a proposed method of dynamic thresholding required by ITU for spectral occupancy measurements. At the end of the research, we published a paper titled *[Spectral Noise Estimation: A Python 3 Implementation of the Minimum Statistics Estimation](https://doi.org/10.36263/nijest.2022.01.0300){:target="_blank"}*.
- ## Software Engineering
  - **[mvp-wallet-service-app](https://github.com/AllisonOge/mvp-wallet-service-app){:target="_blank"}**-In this project, I explored REST APIs and developed an MVP for a wallet service. User can autheticate using JWTs and open accounts to perform common transactions like deposit, withdraw and transfer funds.

## **Hobbies**
I love singing, reading, learning, sports and music.

## **CV**
[Academic CV](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1s-OpP2j1F1W-jVwDRPjHoKMip49DU3cW/view?usp=sharing){:target="_blank"}

Commit message:

fix: update Google Analytics config syntax and correct image paths in markdown files

about.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---
<figure style="width: 150px; height:150px">
    <img src="/assets/images/photo-ohgay.jpg" alt="photo ohgay">
</figure>

## **Short Bio**
Hi! I am Ogechukwu Allison Kanu preferably going by Allison Ogechukwu. I find unreveiling mystery in ML/AI fascinating...what makes an AI model? what technologies have we discovered to build generalizable and capable models? what are their strengths and weaknesses? how can we overcome these weaknesses? are questions I love exploring and attempting to answer.

## **Education**

- MSC, *Univeristy of Calgary, Calgary, Canada* December 2025

- B.Eng, *University of Benin, Benin City, Nigeria* December 2019

## **Projects**
Here are my honourable mentions:

> 
- ## Machine Learning and Wireless Networks

  - **[RadioSSL](https://github.com/AllisonOge/RadioSSL){:target="_blank"}**- builds generalizable model for both in-distribution and out-of-distribution tasks.
  
  <!-- We develop and train models on large unlabelled datasets across multiple tasks to learn latent invariant representations used across various wireless communication tasks at the front-end or PHY layer. Ultimately, I ask and answer the question 'Can a single model meet or outperform fully supervised models trained in a task-specific manner across multiple tasks both in-distribution and out-of-distribution with frozen embeddings?' and many other questions. -->

  - **[qIQ2Seq_forecast](https://github.com/Qoherent-WAVESLAB/qIQ2Seq_forecast){:target="_blank"}** takes history of IQ samples and predicts a 2ms window in the future.

  - **[qRadioMoCo](https://github.com/Qoherent-WAVESLAB/qRadioMoCo){:target="_blank"}** attempts to learns two in distribution tasks with self-supervised learning using MoCo framework.

  - **[qSeptroDetect](https://github.com/Qoherent-WAVESLAB/qSpectroDetect){:target="_blank"}** is a signal localization and classification model on both narrow and wideband spectrum given IQ samples.


- ## Statistical Optimization problems

  - **[spectral_estnoise_ms](https://github.com/AllisonOge/spectral_estnoise_ms){:target="_blank"}**-In this project, I took a ride down Statistical Optimization problems. I implemented and tested a noise estimation algorithm in developed for voice activity detectors (VAD) on radio frequency signals as a proposed method of dynamic thresholding required by ITU for spectral occupancy measurements. At the end of the research, we published a paper titled *[Spectral Noise Estimation: A Python 3 Implementation of the Minimum Statistics Estimation](https://doi.org/10.36263/nijest.2022.01.0300){:target="_blank"}*.

- ## Software Engineering

  - **[alxbot-project](https://github.com/AllisonOge/alxbot-project){:target="_blank"}** - Built a google chrome extension to support learning for an ALX user. It integrates with LLMs (like ChatGPT) to deliver accurate, context-aware responses using RAG pipeline with LangChain. Additional features include note-taking, MCQ quizzes for knowledge testing, and conversation history tracking.

  - **[mvp-wallet-service-app](https://github.com/AllisonOge/mvp-wallet-service-app){:target="_blank"}**-In this project, I explored REST APIs and developed an MVP for a wallet service. User can autheticate using JWTs and open accounts to perform common transactions like deposit, withdraw and transfer funds.

## **Hobbies**
I love singing, reading, learning, sports and music.

## **CV**
[Academic CV](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1s-OpP2j1F1W-jVwDRPjHoKMip49DU3cW/view?usp=sharing){:target="_blank"}
